c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\bin\Debug\MiniProject.exe.config
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\bin\Debug\MiniProject.exe
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\bin\Debug\MiniProject.pdb
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.Form1.resources
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl1.resources
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.exe
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.pdb
c:\users\lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl2.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl3.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl4.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl5.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl6.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl7.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl8.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\Lahore1\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\Lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl10.resources
C:\Users\Lahore1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MiniProject\MiniProject\obj\Debug\MiniProject.UserControl9.resources
